# F24

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **NullableInt32** | Unique F24 identifier. | [optional] 
**DueDate** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Due date. | [optional] 
**Status** | Pointer to [**F24Status**](F24Status.md) |  | [optional] 
**PaymentAccount** | Pointer to [**NullablePaymentAccount**](PaymentAccount.md) |  | [optional] 
**Amount** | Pointer to **NullableFloat32** | Taxes amount. | [optional] 
**AttachmentUrl** | Pointer to **NullableString** | [Read Only] Absolute url of the attached file. Authomatically set if a valid attachment token is passed via POST /taxes or PUT /taxes/{documentId}. | [optional] [readonly] 
**AttachmentToken** | Pointer to **NullableString** | [Write Only] Attachment token returned by POST /taxes/attachment. Used to attach the file already uploaded. | [optional] 
**Description** | Pointer to **NullableString** | Name or brief description. | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewF24

`func NewF24() *F24`

NewF24 instantiates a new F24 object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewF24WithDefaults

`func NewF24WithDefaults() *F24`

NewF24WithDefaults instantiates a new F24 object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *F24) GetId() int32`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *F24) GetIdOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *F24) SetId(v int32)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *F24) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIdNil

`func (o *F24) SetIdNil(b bool)`

 SetIdNil sets the value for Id to be an explicit nil

### UnsetId
`func (o *F24) UnsetId()`

UnsetId ensures that no value is present for Id, not even an explicit nil
### GetDueDate

`func (o *F24) GetDueDate() string`

GetDueDate returns the DueDate field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDueDateOk

`func (o *F24) GetDueDateOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDueDateOk returns a tuple with the DueDate field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDueDate

`func (o *F24) SetDueDate(v string)`

SetDueDate sets DueDate field to given value.

### HasDueDate

`func (o *F24) HasDueDate() bool`

HasDueDate returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDueDateNil

`func (o *F24) SetDueDateNil(b bool)`

 SetDueDateNil sets the value for DueDate to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDueDate
`func (o *F24) UnsetDueDate()`

UnsetDueDate ensures that no value is present for DueDate, not even an explicit nil
### GetStatus

`func (o *F24) GetStatus() F24Status`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *F24) GetStatusOk() (*F24Status, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *F24) SetStatus(v F24Status)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *F24) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetPaymentAccount

`func (o *F24) GetPaymentAccount() PaymentAccount`

GetPaymentAccount returns the PaymentAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPaymentAccountOk

`func (o *F24) GetPaymentAccountOk() (*PaymentAccount, bool)`

GetPaymentAccountOk returns a tuple with the PaymentAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPaymentAccount

`func (o *F24) SetPaymentAccount(v PaymentAccount)`

SetPaymentAccount sets PaymentAccount field to given value.

### HasPaymentAccount

`func (o *F24) HasPaymentAccount() bool`

HasPaymentAccount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetPaymentAccountNil

`func (o *F24) SetPaymentAccountNil(b bool)`

 SetPaymentAccountNil sets the value for PaymentAccount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetPaymentAccount
`func (o *F24) UnsetPaymentAccount()`

UnsetPaymentAccount ensures that no value is present for PaymentAccount, not even an explicit nil
### GetAmount

`func (o *F24) GetAmount() float32`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *F24) GetAmountOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *F24) SetAmount(v float32)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.

### HasAmount

`func (o *F24) HasAmount() bool`

HasAmount returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAmountNil

`func (o *F24) SetAmountNil(b bool)`

 SetAmountNil sets the value for Amount to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAmount
`func (o *F24) UnsetAmount()`

UnsetAmount ensures that no value is present for Amount, not even an explicit nil
### GetAttachmentUrl

`func (o *F24) GetAttachmentUrl() string`

GetAttachmentUrl returns the AttachmentUrl field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttachmentUrlOk

`func (o *F24) GetAttachmentUrlOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAttachmentUrlOk returns a tuple with the AttachmentUrl field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttachmentUrl

`func (o *F24) SetAttachmentUrl(v string)`

SetAttachmentUrl sets AttachmentUrl field to given value.

### HasAttachmentUrl

`func (o *F24) HasAttachmentUrl() bool`

HasAttachmentUrl returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAttachmentUrlNil

`func (o *F24) SetAttachmentUrlNil(b bool)`

 SetAttachmentUrlNil sets the value for AttachmentUrl to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAttachmentUrl
`func (o *F24) UnsetAttachmentUrl()`

UnsetAttachmentUrl ensures that no value is present for AttachmentUrl, not even an explicit nil
### GetAttachmentToken

`func (o *F24) GetAttachmentToken() string`

GetAttachmentToken returns the AttachmentToken field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAttachmentTokenOk

`func (o *F24) GetAttachmentTokenOk() (*string, bool)`

GetAttachmentTokenOk returns a tuple with the AttachmentToken field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAttachmentToken

`func (o *F24) SetAttachmentToken(v string)`

SetAttachmentToken sets AttachmentToken field to given value.

### HasAttachmentToken

`func (o *F24) HasAttachmentToken() bool`

HasAttachmentToken returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetAttachmentTokenNil

`func (o *F24) SetAttachmentTokenNil(b bool)`

 SetAttachmentTokenNil sets the value for AttachmentToken to be an explicit nil

### UnsetAttachmentToken
`func (o *F24) UnsetAttachmentToken()`

UnsetAttachmentToken ensures that no value is present for AttachmentToken, not even an explicit nil
### GetDescription

`func (o *F24) GetDescription() string`

GetDescription returns the Description field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDescriptionOk

`func (o *F24) GetDescriptionOk() (*string, bool)`

GetDescriptionOk returns a tuple with the Description field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDescription

`func (o *F24) SetDescription(v string)`

SetDescription sets Description field to given value.

### HasDescription

`func (o *F24) HasDescription() bool`

HasDescription returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetDescriptionNil

`func (o *F24) SetDescriptionNil(b bool)`

 SetDescriptionNil sets the value for Description to be an explicit nil

### UnsetDescription
`func (o *F24) UnsetDescription()`

UnsetDescription ensures that no value is present for Description, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


